This directory contains software from the BUFR decoding and encoding update
library.

bbuprs0.F	 	Print BUFR section 0 (?)
bbuprs1.F	 	Print BUFR section 1 (?)
bbuprs2.F	 	Print BUFR section 2 (?)
bbuprs3.F	 	Print BUFR section 3 (?)
bbuprt.F	 	Print BUFR (?)
bbuprtbox.F	 	Print BUFR box (?)

buaug.F		 	Update augmented Bufr table B.
bubox.F		 	??
bucomp.F	 	Pack number of subsets in a compressed form.
bucrkey.F	 	Extract elements needed for RDB key definition(update).
bucrekey.F	 	Extract elements needed for RDB key definition.
buedd.F		 	Expand section 3 of Bufr message
buens0.F	 	Pack section 0 of Bufrsage.
buens1.F	 	Pack section 1 of Bufr message.
buens2.F	 	Pack section 2 of Bufr message.
buens3.F	 	Pack section 3 of Bufr message.
buens4.F	 	Pack preliminary items/data of sect.4 of Bufr message.
buens5.F	 	Pack sect.5 of Bufr message.
buepmrk.F	 	Process marker operator, replace with table B descriptor
buepmrkc.F	 	Process marker operator, replace with table B descriptor
buepwt.F	 	Updates working tables (name,unit,scale,ref,data width)
buepwtc.F	 	Updates working tables (name,unit,scale,ref,data width)
buerr.F		 	Print error code.
buetab.F	 	Load Bufr table B, D and C according to Bufr code.
buetd.F		 	Expand sect.3 of Bufr message.
buetdr.F	 	Solve Bufr table D reference.
buevar.F	 	Initialize constants and variables.
buexs0.F	 	Expands sect.0 of Bufr message.
buexs1.F	 	Expands sect.1 of Bufr message.
buexs2.F	 	Expands sect.2 of Bufr message.
buexs3.F	 	Expand sect.3 of Bufr message.
buexs3p.F	 	Expand sect.3 of Bufr message. (preliminary items)
buexs4.F	 	Expand sect.4 of Bufr message.
buexs5.F	 	Expands sect.5 of Bufr message.
bufren.F	 	Encode Bufr message.
bufrex.F	 	Decode Bufr message into fully expanded form
bugbts.F	 	Load Bufr table B, D and C according to Bufr code.
bugetbm.F	 	Create bit map to resolve marker operators.
buivar.F	 	Initialize constants and variables.
bunexs.F	 	Sets word/bit pointers at the start of next Bufr sect.
bunpck.F	 	Unpack bit string
bunpks.F	 	Unpack bit string of KSIZE bits.
buoctn.F	 	Calculate number of octets from bit position.
buoper.F	 	Process Bufr operator.
buoperc.F	 	Process Bufr operator.
bupck.F		 	Pack value *KS* in *KSI* bits
bupkey.F	 	Pack local ECMWF information (rdb key)
bupks.F		 	Pack bit string of KSIZE bits
bupmrk.F	 	Process marker operator, relace with table B descriptor.
buprco.F	 	Process Bufr operator.
buprq.F		 	Sets variable KPMISS,KPRUS into common block.
buprs0.F	 	Print sect.0 of Bufr message.
buprs1.F	 	Print sect.1 of bufr message.
buprs2.F	 	Print sect.2 of bufr message (expanded RDB key).
buprs3.F	 	Print sect.3 of Bufr message.
buprt.F		 	Print expanded Bufr message.
buprtbox.F	 	Print boxed expanded bufr message.
burep.F		 	Resolve data descriptor replication problem.
burepc.F		 	Resolve data descriptor replication problem.
burqc.F		 	Create parameters needed for partial expansion of Bufr
burquc.F	 	Create parameters needed for partial expansion of Bufr
bus012.F	 	Expands sect.0,1 AND 2 of Bufr message.
busel.F		 	Returns Data Descriptors as in Section 3  of Bufr
buset.F		 	Set flags in common block (?)
busrp.F		 	Resolve data descriptor replication problem.
busrq.F		 	Set Bufr table B references for partial expansion.
bustdr.F	 	Solve Bufr table D reference.
buuatb.F	 	Update augmented Bufr table B.
buukey.F	 	Expands local ECMWF information from sect.2.
buunp.F		 	Unpack bit string of KSIZE bits
buunps.F	 	Unpack bit string of KSIZE bits
buupwt.F	 	Updates working tables (name,unit,scale,ref,data width)
buxdes.F	 	Expand data descriptors to show user's template
fmmh.F		 	Find max/min latitude/longitude.
mbbuprs0.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbbuprs1.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbbuprs2.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbbuprs3.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbbuprt.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbbuprtbox.F 	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuaug.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbubox.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbucomp.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbucrekey.F 	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbucrkey.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuedd.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens0.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens1.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens2.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens3.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens4.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuens5.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuepmrk.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuepmrkc.F 	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuepwt.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuepwtc.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuerr.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuetab.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuetd.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuetdr.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuevar.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs0.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs1.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs2.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs3.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs3p.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs4.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuexs5.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbufr_mars_filter.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbufren.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbufrex.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbugbts.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbugetbm.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuivar.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbunexs.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbunpck.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbunpks.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuoctn.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuoper.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuoperc.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbupck.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbupkey.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbupks.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbupmrk.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprco.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprq.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprs0.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprs1.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprs2.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprs3.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprt.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuprtbox.F 	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mburep.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mburepc.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mburqc.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mburquc.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbus012.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbusel.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuset.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbusrp.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbusrq.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbustdr.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuuatb.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuukey.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuunp.F    	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuunps.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuupwt.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mbuxdes.F   	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
mfmmh.F     	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
msetlalo.F  	 	Mars version of routine (without leading m)
setlalo.F	    	Return indices for latitude and longitude.
sources	        	Sources
